[EDU-474] Data Studios doc audit (#407)
seqeralabs/docs: platform_versioned_docs/version-24.2/enterprise/studios.mdx

---
title: "Studios deployment"
description: Deploy Seqera Platform with Data studios
date: "12 Jun 2024"
tags: [docker, compose, kubernetes, data, studios, deployment]
---

> Enable Studios as part of your Seqera Platform instance. You must have Data Explorer enabled to use Data Studios. Only the Amazon AWS public cloud is currently supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable Studios as part of your Seqera Platform instance. You must have Data Explorer enabled to use Studios. Only the Amazon AWS public cloud is currently supported.
```

tags: [docker, compose, kubernetes, data, studios, deployment]
---

Enable Studios as part of your Seqera Platform instance. You must have Data Explorer enabled to use Studios. Only the Amazon AWS public cloud is currently supported.

:::caution 

> You must complete the upgrade of your Platform Enterprise installation to version 24.1.4 before enabling and configuring Data Studios.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must complete the upgrade of your Platform Enterprise installation to version 24.2 before enabling and configuring Studios.
```

Let's start requiring to upgrade to v24.2 so we start collecting telemetry data.
